everybody so I just wanted to come here
today and show you guys a spring make
envelope now i use the make up for ever
technicolor palette i really wanted to
give this palette a try because the
colors are very pretty very spring-like
and i just wanted to add a pop of color
because for those of us that are
entering the work world you know we want
to do the whole spring bright colors and
everything but just a subtle pop of
color is going to be perfect for the
workplace so if you want to see how i
created this look then keep on watching
hey guys so for primer today I'm using
two faced shadow insurance i'm not using
a base at all because i want to go ahead
and test out the make up for ever check
the color palette and to see the color
payoff now i'm using the champagne color
this is a shimmery light champagne color
very gorgeous color goes on smooth goes
on easy that's going all over the lid
next i'm taking this really dark brown
color and my sigma blending brush and is
planning this into my crease this color
shows up very well it is very buildable
next i'm using this turquoise color and
i'm just buffing that into the outer v
ever so slightly and then blending out
any edges that i have i usually go put a
shimmery highlight under my brow but I'm
just you know using the palette alone so
I'm taking that champagne color again
placing that directly onto my brow bone
and working it down just a little bit of
it not too much because it's way too
shimmery for a brow bone highlight in my
opinion
taking a black liner pencil I'm just
placing this in the outer V section i'm
not even bringing it in I've been doing
this a lot lately I think it's great for
spring because it opens your eyes up a
lot give it a try mining my top eyelid
today is the Milani itec extreme liquid
liner I love the long felt tip on this
liner goes on very smooth and it has an
easy application remember the inner eye
area I'm just missing that white color
with the champagne color and just
placing that in my inner tear duct area
rimmel london scandal eyes is going to
be mascara today you don't have to wear
lashes after this but I threw a lots of
lashes just you know to brighten up the
face i'm using bella Bomba by benefit
this is a sample version love the coral
color on the cheeks taking that green
color from this palette and placing it
on my lower lash line my lips today is
Matt's lip liner in the color vine and
I'm applying this very sloppily as you
can see here because I'm going in with
my baby bright lipstick from the archies
girls collection from Mac
so you have it guys this tutorial was
done again using me make up forever
technical a palette it's a nice palette
even though a couple of the colors do
need working on but all in all a very
nice palette to have for this spring
thanks for watching and subscribing if
you have